here's three ways you can build massive
amounts of confidence dress in a way
that makes you feel good notice how I
said feel good not look good looking
good is totally subjective so if you
like what you wear that's all that
really matters next get really good at
something I obviously chose flexibility
but you could choose literally anything
and it's not about showing off although
that does feel good that's just
temporary it's having the knowledge that
you are good at something lastly get
consistent with a movement practice it
can be just push-ups or it could be one
of my free flexibility ebooks do
something positive for yourself and I
guarantee you'll feel more confident
stay flexy